♪ Every case in the forest ♪
♪ Is challenging and difficult ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ Will find the answer ♪
♪ We're the best case solvers ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ We are the best partners ♪
LITTLE DETECTIVES
TOBY & TERI
I got it!
Now get ready,
because this one's
gonna be super fast.
Yes! I got it!
All right, this one is gonna
go super far. Are you ready?
I've never been more ready.
Give it all you got.
You asked for it!
[Bean grunts]
Yes!
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa!
[splash]
[gasping]
Oh, no!
My glasses!
It's okay. I see 'em.
They're right next
to a little brown fish.
Whoa!
Millie, did you see that?
The little brown fish
just went sploosh,
and then, whoosh, it flew
right through the air!
W-Wait. What about my glasses?
It's okay. They're right...
Millie, I think that flying fish
just took your glasses.
Bean, I really need my glasses.
Without them, I can't see you
unless I get really, really,
really close, like this.
There you are.
We better go find
Toby and Teri.
So you saw a flying fish?
Yeah, right?
I didn't see anything.
That's kinda the problem.
Well, it was a fish,
and it was flying!
It sure sounds
like a flying fish.
And it took Millie's glasses.
Wow! Imagine,
right here in Acorn Springs,
a fish that flies
and needs glasses.
I really need my glasses to see.
Please tell me
you can find them.
We'll get you back
your glasses, Millie.
That's a promise.
Sounds like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
[camera clicks]
Millie really needs her glasses.
She can't see well without them.
So unless we find them,
she won't be able to run and play,
-or do any of the things she likes to do.
-There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is.
Let's do this.
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together]
Let's ace this case!
[Bean] Here's where the glasses
fell into the creek.
Then, whoosh,
out came the flying fish,
and when I looked back,
Millie's glasses were gone.
Was there anyone else around
who might have seen
the flying fish
take Millie's glasses?
I don't think so.
What about the duck?
We should ask him!
I'm not a duck, Millie!
I'm Bean!
You kinda do look like a duck
if I squint real hard.
Maybe I should stick with you
until we find your glasses,
you know, so I can
let you know what's going on.
Thanks, Rumy. I appreciate it.
Hey, there's a little bird
down by the water.
Maybe she saw something.
Hi! I'm Toby.
Do you mind if we
ask some questions?
My sister and I are detectives.
[gasps] Detectives? Wow!
I've never met real detectives.
Wow, those are
some amazing badges!
I've never seen any
like them before! I'm Dipsy.
Hello, Dipsy. Nice to meet you.
I don't think
I've ever met a bird
that looks
quite like you before.
Not just any bird.
I'm an ouzel.
It's fun to say. Try it!
[both] Ouzel.
[giggles] Ouzel. Ouzel, ouzel.
[laughs] It is fun.
Ouzel, ouzel, ouzel!
So tell me,
what are you guys detecting?
Well, Bean saw a flying fish.
And we need to find him so we
can ask him some questions.
A flying fish? Wow, I've never
seen a flying fish before!
Hmm. Why are you looking for him?
He may have taken
Millie's glasses.
Millie and I were playing when
her glasses went plop
into the creek right here.
I could see them on the bottom.
Then, sploosh, out of nowhere, this
fish came flying out of the water!
And when I looked back
at Millie's glasses,
they were gone.
[gasps, sighs]
So that has to mean the
flying fish took them, right?
Or your glasses went downstream.
See how the creek moves
really fast through here?
Anything that falls in here
ends up down there.
Down where?
Down there!
Oh. [chuckles] Sorry.
Do you know where, exactly?
Just go straight downstream until
you get to the bottom of the fast part.
It gets really swirly.
Swirly. Got it.
When you see the blue rocks,
turn left.
Oh, and say hello
to the minnows for me.
They're just
the cutest little fish.
Thanks, Dipsy.
You've been super helpful.
Thank you! I gotta go.
It's time for my lunch.
But good luck downstream,
and be careful.
The creek's
pretty deep down there.
I don't see any blue rocks.
That's okay! Look!
There are Millie's glasses. See?
[Teri]
They're way down on the bottom.
We can't get down that far.
Sure, we can!
Toby just has to build a submarine.
Yeah! Toby can build
a big submarine
with a popcorn machine!
And a roller coaster!
A submarine with a popcorn
machine and a roller coaster!
Then we'll climb inside and
go on an adventure with popcorn.
How long would that take?
It might be easier
to find an animal
that can swim to the
bottom of the creek.
Let's think about
who we know that could do that.
[Bean] The flying fish!
We can find him later, Bean.
Right now,
we are trying to figure out
who can help us
get my glasses back.
I know. I just saw him
right over there.
I don't see him, unless he
looks like rocks or trees.
He went that way. I promise!
Well, the flying fish
would definitely be able to help
if we could find him.
Bean, lead the way
to that fish.
Come on!
Tell me again. Why are we
chasing the flying fish?
Because he's the only
one around here
who can get Millie's glasses
off the bottom of the creek.
Yes! We have to find him.
So which way did he fly?
-He didn't. He walked.
-He walked?
Yup. He came out of the water
and kind of scurried into the bushes.
So if we follow the facts,
that means
our flying fish has feet.
And if he's got feet,
he's left footprints.
[Toby] I see some!
Our flying and walking fish
went this way. Come on!
[chirping]
The trail leads to Dipsy.
That's definitely a clue.
Dipsy. Hello?
Hi, detectives
and detectives' friends!
Are you on the case?
Did you see the minnows?
Did you find your friend's glasses?
Yes. They were right
where you said they'd be,
-but it was too deep for us.
-Right by the blue rocks?
We never saw any blue rocks.
Really? That's strange.
They're right there
by the minnows.
Oh, those minnows are so cute!
Oh, yeah, the minnows.
You mentioned them before.
I almost never see fish.
Really? I see them all the time.
Wait a minute.
All that stuff is underwater.
That's why we need
the flying fish.
We need someone who
can dive, sploosh, to the bottom
of the creek and get
back Millie's glasses.
[gasps] Ooh, ooh, ooh! Ooh!
-Uh, Dipsy?
-I can do that!
I go, sploosh, down there
all the time. Come on!
I think we just found
our flying fish.
And she's not a fish at all.
It's Dipsy.
I see them, right down there
by the blue rocks!
Do you see 'em? Wait here.
I'll be right back. [inhales]
What's happening?
Dipsy just walked
into the water.
-And dove under!
-Of course.
That's why Dipsy told us
to look out for minnows.
She was giving us
directions underwater.
All the time, we were looking
for a flying fish,
but what Bean saw
wasn't a flying fish at all.
It was a bird that swims.
Everything about ouzels,
from the shape of their tails
to how their eyes work,
is designed
so they can walk around
and even fly underwater.
-Cool!
-Amazing.
Ooh! I want to see that
when I get my glasses back.
♪ Dah dah dah dah ♪
Here they are,
good as new,
and they're really clean.
Well, there you are! [laughs]
It's nice to finally meet you.
Thanks so much, Dipsy!
Of course! I love helping,
and I love seeing the minnows.
But, weren't you looking
for a flying fish?
[laughs]
We thought we were,
but it was a bird all the time,
an ouzel!
[Dipsy laughs, trills]
[laughs]
An Ouzel named Dipsy.
[laughs] What are the odds
of two ouzels--
[gasps] Oh, you mean me!
You know, "ouzel"
is really fun to say.
Then let's say it all together.
Say, "Ouzel"!
-Ouzel!
[camera clicks]
Bean thought
he was a flying fish,
but when we used the clues,
we discovered the fish
wasn't a fish at all,
but an amazing little songbird.
Yup. We made a new friend
and got Millie's glasses back.
Time to close this case.
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together]
"The Case of the Flying Fish"
is officially closed.
Mmm.
[sighs]
[Millie laughs]
What do you think?
It looks just like Rumy!
Thanks for letting me help!
And thanks for baking
your famous sourdough pretzels.
Oh, they're my favorite!
My way of saying thank you for
being the artiste's assistant.
Now that we're done,
I think I'll sit down
and have a piece, too.
All right,
let's smooth everything out
and unveil our masterpiece.
That's it!
Snow Rumy is perfect.
Let's go get everyone.
You got it!
Here's your carrot.
I got the biggest one
in the treehouse.
You must be really hungry.
Thank you, Jay.
But the carrot's not for me.
It's for our snowman.
Snowmen don't eat carrots,
do they?
Oh, I see what you mean now.
That makes way more sense.
Hey, Toby, what do you
think of our snowman?
He looks great!
What are you putting
on the stairs?
Salt. It melts the snow
so the stairs aren't slippery.
Really?
So if I walk on the stairs,
they won't be-- W-Whoa!
Gotcha.
I hadn't done the bottom yet.
[Rumy chuckles]
I meant to do that.
[Bean] Hey, guys, come see
what Millie and I made!
It just may be my greatest
artistic achievement ever!
-Let's go!
-Can't wait to see it!
I give you my masterwork,
Joyous Pig!
-[gasps]
-Um...
It's very... modern?
[gasps]
My masterpiece.
It's all melty.
When we left here,
it looked just like Rumy.
[chuckles]
It still does, kinda,
you know, if I tuck my arm here
and put my head down
and twist my leg here.
[chuckles] There. See?
One and the same.
It looks like snow Rumy
just started to melt.
I mean, that happens, right? Snow melts,
and it's made of snow.
B-But we just finished,
and it's really cold out here,
so it shouldn't
have melted so fast.
How did this happen?
That's what
we need to figure out.
Sounds like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
[camera clicks]
Millie and Bean were
only gone a few minutes,
and snow Rumy
is already melting.
For the sake
of artists everywhere,
we've got to crack this case.
There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is.
Let's do this!
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together]
Let's ace this case!
If we're going to figure out
what happened
to Millie's sculpture,
we need to follow the facts.
Let's look for clues to use.
Is anything else
around here melting?
[wind blowing]
[Jay] Yeah! Look!
These icicles are going...
drip, drip-drip.
Jay's right! These icicles
are definitely melting.
[laughs] But look!
The ones here
in the shade aren't.
Sure! Because it's warmer
here in the sun,
and when the icicles
warm up, they melt.
Millie, was your snow sculpture
in the sun?
Hmm. I don't remember.
Come on! Let's go find out!
Look! Millie's sculpture
is in the sun,
so that explains why it melted.
Case closed.
Great detective work, everyone.
Bean and I just have to make
our next masterpiece
someplace shady
so it won't melt.
We should go to Shady Glade!
Oh! Shady Glade is
the shadiest of glades.
Then that's where we're going.
I guess this case is closed.
Thanks, everybody!
We'll call you
when we're ready to unveil
the next masterpiece.
Ah, I need to remember
to bake pretzels
every time
I'm making great art.
All this creating
makes you hungry.
Yeah! And we need our energy
to sculpt our
never-gonna-melt Rumy sculpture.
[shivers] Now we can share
our masterpiece with the world.
I call this one
Rumy With a View.
[all gasp]
You guys were right.
This was the perfect spot to
set free my artistic instincts.
Behold!
Yes? A question. [laughs]
About my vision? My message?
No, about my nose.
Does it really do that?
[gasps]
How can this one melt, too?
It's just terrible.
Aw, don't be upset, Millie.
If there's a pig out there with
a melty face, he'd love this.
Looks like we're back
on the case... again!
I'm gonna take a sample,
you know, for evidence.
Okay, let's follow the facts.
What do we know for sure?
We know that snow-pigs melt
faster than anything.
As soon as Millie finishes one,
it just goes all melty.
You're right, Jay.
Both sculptures melted,
but one was in the sun,
and one was in the shade.
So if we use the clues,
it had to be something else
that made them melt.
Toby, what about the snowman
we made this morning?
Of course!
We should see if he's melting
just like Millie's sculptures.
Your snowman's
not melted at all.
You're right.
So what's different?
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! I know. I know.
[laughs] You don't
have to raise your hand.
But I know the answer.
Both of Millie's statues
had hats, but this one doesn't.
Of course. There's nothing
warmer than a nice hat,
and warm is what melts snow.
You can still have a hat.
It just needs to be made out of snow.
Ah, yes, this adds a whole new
something to our work.
A whole new-- What's the word?
Um, hat?
Exactly!
Let's make a masterpiece.
Come on, everyone.
We'd love the help.
[laughs] Oh, boy!
I never thought I'd say it,
but Rumy's gonna make a Rumy.
And we've got more
of Millie's sourdough pretzels.
When we get hungry, we can
take a break and share them.
[laughs]
Art can be delicious.
Teri, look.
The snow from Millie's sculpture
isn't snow anymore. It's water!
The snow has melted.
But wait. There's something
floating around in there.
[Toby]
It's little bits of pretzel!
That makes sense.
When Millie and Bean
took breaks,
they split a pretzel, right?
They did,
but would pretzels melt snow?
Pretzels wouldn't,
but Millie's sourdough pretzels
are covered with sea salt,
and when you put salt on snow...
It melts, like when I put salt
on the stairs of the treehouse.
So when Millie and Bean
ate the pretzel...
they got salt
all over their mittens
and the sculptures!
That's why they melted.
Teri, Bean had four
of the pretzels left.
If those guys even touch
the salty pretzels,
they're going to melt
another masterpiece.
Come on.
Time to stop that snacking.
[chuckles]
[slow-motion]
Don't touch that...
[normal]
sculpture!
Not with those salty mittens!
H-How is there salt
on our mittens?
It's from the pretzels.
And when the salt got
on Millie's sculptures,
it made them melt,
because salt melts snow.
[gasps] What are we gonna do?
We're not finished,
and now everyone's mittens
are covered with salt.
No problem. I always
carry extra mittens and snacks.
Oh, and raisins
will not melt your sculpture.
Oh, and they make
excellent eyes.
Wow! What a masterpiece!
[laughs]
And it's only the beginning!
Come on, everybody.
You don't want snow Rumy
to get lonely, do you?
Great job, everybody!
[laughs]
Hey, you sure are handsome.
Say, "Snow sculpture"!
-Snow sculpture!
[camera clicks]
We used the clues
and followed the facts
to figure out why Millie's
snow sculptures were melting.
And now we know salty pretzels
and snowmen don't mix.
Time to close this case.
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together]
"The Case of the Soggy Sculpture"
is officially closed.